site: Add bootstrap command docs (#3069)
projectcontour/contour: site/docs/main/configuration.md

The `CONTOUR_NAMESPACE` environment variable is set via the [Downward API][6] in the Contour [example manifests][7].

## Bootstrap Config File

> The boostrap configuration file is generated by an initContainer in the Envoy daemonset which configures the Envoy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bootstrap configuration file is generated by an initContainer in the Envoy daemonset which runs the `contour bootstrap` command to generate the file. The bootstrap configuration file configures the Envoy
```

container to connect to Contour and receive configuration via xDS.

> ### Arguments

Reviewer: I'd call these flags rather than arguments

> There are arguments that can be passed to `contour boostrap` that help configure how Envoy

Reviewer: It'd be helpful to explicitly state that the flags customize the contents of the generated bootstrap config file, just to tie together the relationship between `contour bootstrap` and the config file itself.

connects to Contour:

| Arg | Default  | Description |
|------------|----------|-------------|

> | <nobr>resources-dir</nobr> | "" | Defines the directory where resource files will be written.  |

Reviewer: Using the `--resources-dir` format might make it clearer that these are standard command-line flags.

| <nobr>admin-address</nobr> | 127.0.0.1 | Defines the address the Envoy Admin Webpage will listen on.  |
| <nobr>admin-port</nobr> | 9001 | Defines the port the Envoy Admin Webpage will listen on.  |
| <nobr>xds-address</nobr> | 127.0.0.1 | Defines the address to connect to Contour xDS server on.  |
| <nobr>xds-port</nobr> | 8001 | Defines the port to connect to Contour xDS server on. |
| <nobr>envoy-cafile</nobr> | "" | Defines the gRPC CA Filename for Envoy to load.  |
| <nobr>envoy-cert-file</nobr> | "" | Defines the gRPC Client cert filename for Envoy to load.  |

> | <nobr>envoy-key-file</nobr> | "" | Defines the gRPC Client key filename for Envoy to load.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| <nobr>envoy-key-file</nobr> | "" | Set the path to the Envoy gRPC TLS key filename for Envoy to load.  |
```

We ought to decide whether to consistently say `gRPC` or `xDS` (my preference would be for the latter).

Reviewer 2: Similarly, you can lowercase "Client",  "Filename" and "Admin Webpage" since they are not proper names

> | <nobr>namespace</nobr> | projectcontour | Defines the namespace the Envoy container will run in. Also configured via ENV variable "CONTOUR_NAMESPACE".   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| <nobr>namespace</nobr> | projectcontour | Defines the namespace the Envoy container will run in. If this flag is not given, the value of the "CONTOUR_NAMESPACE" environment variable is used.   |
```

You should describe what the flag actually does (i.e. why someone might need to set it).

> | <nobr>xds-server-version</nobr> | v2 | This field specifies the xDS Server version to use. Options are `v2` or `v3`.  |

Reviewer 2: This xDS API or protocol version.

Author: oh that's an interesting point, should we rename this another time. =) 

You comment does make me lean that we should call it here in bootstrap and in the config file for the other PR, `xds-protocol-version` or maybe `xds-resource-version` to be more Envoy-y.

## Bootstrap Config File

The bootstrap configuration file is generated by an initContainer in the Envoy daemonset which runs the `contour bootstrap` command to generate the file.
This configuration file configures the Envoy container to connect to Contour and receive configuration via xDS.

The next section outlines all the available flags that can be passed to the `contour bootstrap` command which are used to customize
the configuration file to match the environment in which Envoy is deployed. 

### Flags

There are flags that can be passed to `contour boostrap` that help configure how Envoy
connects to Contour:

| Flag | Default  | Description |
|------------|----------|-------------|
| <nobr>--resources-dir</nobr> | "" | Defines the directory where resource files will be written.  |
| <nobr>--admin-address</nobr> | 127.0.0.1 | Defines the address the Envoy admin webpage will listen on.  |
| <nobr>--admin-port</nobr> | 9001 | Defines the port the Envoy admin webpage will listen on.  |
| <nobr>--xds-address</nobr> | 127.0.0.1 | Defines the address to connect to Contour xDS server on.  |
| <nobr>--xds-port</nobr> | 8001 | Defines the port to connect to Contour xDS server on. |

> | <nobr>--envoy-cafile</nobr> | "" | Defines the gRPC CA filename for Envoy to load.  |

Reviewer 3: Nit: Maybe something in here to say that the gRPC being talked about is xDS? Or just replacing gRPC with xDS? Similarly for all of the cert flags.
```suggestion
| <nobr>--envoy-cafile</nobr> | "" | Defines the xDS CA filename for Envoy to load.  |
```

Author: Yeah can do that, I just copied what the flags have today as help: https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/blob/1437a9dc33fc0ac81ba966cf258433c891725ece/cmd/contour/bootstrap.go#L33

Author: I added https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/pull/3083 to update those flags, I'll do the docs here.

| <nobr>--envoy-cert-file</nobr> | "" | Defines the gRPC client cert filename for Envoy to load.  |
| <nobr>--envoy-key-file</nobr> | "" | Defines the gRPC client key filename for Envoy to load.  |
| <nobr>--namespace</nobr> | projectcontour | Defines the namespace the Envoy container will run, also configured via ENV variable "CONTOUR_NAMESPACE". Namespace is used as part of the metric names on static resources defined in the boostrap configuration file.    |

> | <nobr>--xds-server-version</nobr> | v2 | This field specifies the xDS API version to use. Options are `v2` or `v3`.  |

Reviewer: name of the flag needs to be updated to `--xds-resource-version` now.

Author: This is removed in #3084

Reviewer: this is the bootstrap flag though: https://github.com/projectcontour/contour/blob/main/cmd/contour/bootstrap.go#L37

Author: 🤯

Author: Ok so I did do the right thing in #3084 and left this here. =)

I just pushed and updated this to `--xds-resource-version`.
